T231 — fourteen-day local eval pack, no repo inside the pack.
This is instruction 4 of 5. After 100% pass the owner says put instruction 5 of 5. Do not start T232. Do not start live shop. Do not start Microsoft. Do not write Microsoft, Partner Center, or partnership into README, STATUS, RELEASES, or operator UI.

Goal
A local eval pack can be marked as a fourteen-day trial. The pack contains the operator app files only. It must not contain .git, the owner .aegis data, or a Hermes directive. When the local trial window is past, entitlement returns Echo-limited. The data directory is not deleted.

Locks
- Six specialists only: Alina, Kian, Bita, Aylin, Ahmad, Amin. No seventh agent.
- Approve before execute. No auto-execute.
- Echo default. Missing, expired, or cancelled entitlement stays Echo-limited.
- Stripe, checkout, and card stay outside execute. core/ must not gain a stripe token.
- Author block and LICENSE untouched.
- Do not open Safari. start_operator.sh remains the only operator start.
- Do not write notarized. Do not write that a buyer already received this pack.
- Local data stays under AEGIS_DATA_DIR. Eval expiry must not purge it.
- Neighbor tenant must not see this eval marker.

Build
1. Add a local eval marker outside execute. Fields: tenant_id, started_at, ends_at, status (active or expired). Store under AEGIS_DATA_DIR. ends_at is started_at plus fourteen days. No network call.
2. A pack manifest lists operator files only. Tests must show .git, _directive.txt, and any path under the owner .aegis data dir are excluded.
3. When now is after ends_at, the page or entitlement read returns Echo-limited. The marker file stays. Profile, receipts, and export stay. A missing marker stays the existing missing-file Echo-limited path, not a crash.
4. Tests: manifest excludes repo and data dir; active window is not expired; past window is Echo-limited; data dir still present after expiry; cross-tenant cannot read the marker; no stripe token in core.
5. Update STATUS or RELEASES with one honest line: local fourteen-day eval marker; pack excludes repo; expiry is Echo-limited and does not delete data. README only if a proof sentence already exists. No Microsoft. No revenue claim.

Out of scope
Live shop keys. Card form. Telegram send. Auto-update from the internet. T232. Microsoft. Sending the pack to a person.

Verify
ruff check.
pytest -q. Zero failed.
Proof: manifest excludes repo True; expired is Echo-limited True; data dir kept True; no stripe in core True.
git add -A
git commit -m "feat(t231): fourteen-day eval pack excludes repo"
git push origin main
Print the new SHA and pytest summary.
Stop. Do not start T232.
